i know uh we have several missing
today i've had several text messages
either today or last night that says hey we're
going to be watching online we're filming
under the weather which i'm always happy hey yes
go get well and so if you're joining us online
hope you're awake and uh if you're near pajamas
don't take pictures and post them online it's okay
but excited about starting um the second part
of our series so we have started a series uh
this christmas season called the season of
praise and so last week we got to talk about
mary's praise and getting to hear her side of
the story of the what we would say is the first
christmas right as christ was coming mary gave
praise and it was interesting as mary gave praise
how she gave praise not only for what god did for
her which i'm telling you guys i think that's one
of the easiest things as believers to give
praise to god for what he's done for us but
she gave praise to god for what he had also done
by sending jesus for her people for her people of
israel so she understood the people in her life
that was most important to her that god had sent
his son obviously to be born through her to be
the mother of this son to save her people and
so she was giving god praise for that but one
of the last things we learned in the midst of
mary's praise was how she was praising god that
he had sent jesus for everyone for everyone and
and so this this praise reminded each one of us
that we have a reason to give praise right we
have a reason to give praise because what god's
done for us what god's done for those in our city
and in our neighborhood and in our families
and what god has done for everyone and that
is something that we miss sometimes in this season
because why this season is busy i think one of the
text messages i got today and i totally get it
it's been a busy week and if you're anything
probably like most families you've already
started christmas dinners christmas meetups
or you're buying christmas gifts or there's
christmas parties at your work or you name
it right and so we get easily distracted in this
season by everything else which i would say this
i love everything else right we have decorations
we have presents we just had our um inspiring hope
christmas party on friday we loved it i mean i i
was excited about it and so those things are good
but the greatest part of this season is so
much greater than those things it's jesus
and so that's why we're talking about
the season of praise the season of praise
and so as we kind of jump into today's we're going
to be in luke chapter two um we're going to read
uh starting in verse run one going through 20
but we're going to kind of focus in on verses
8 through 20. and um as we jump into this text
i want you to see this this is from a different
perspective this is the angels and how they praise
god and what their praise led again they were they
were praising god and they were really showing
themselves to the shepherds and their praise
in this text ended up leading these shepherds to
experience a couple of different things one of the
things that they did is is out after seeing the
angels praise it led the shepherds to go see jesus
and then after they went and saw jesus it
led them to go tell others what they had seen
and after they had told others what they had
seen they had went back to go being shepherds
and they gave god praise and we're going to learn
through this text how important it is for us
that as we see other people praise as we see
in this this word how the angels praise that we
should go do those same three things we should
go see jesus we should have a relationship with
jesus that we should go tell others what we have
experienced and that we should give praise to god
as well not only during the season of praise but
in our season of life we should do this and so if
you'll um join me in here again luke chapter two
i'm gonna start in verse one and uh if you found
your place say amen all right we got three of you
good if you don't have it it's up on the screen
so in those days a decree went out from
caesar augustus that the whole empire should
be registered this first registration took place
while coernius was governor of syria so everyone
went to be registered each to his own town and
joseph also went up from the town of nazareth
in galilee to judea to the city of david which
is called bethlehem and because he was was of
the house and the family line of david to be
registered along with mary who was engaged to
him and was pregnant and while they were there a
time came for her to give birth and then she gave
birth to her firstborn son and she wrapped him
tightly in cloth and laid him in a manger because
there was no guest room available for them and in
the same region shepherds were staying out in the
fields and keeping watch at night over the flock
and then an angel of the lord stood before them
in the glory of the lord shone around them and
they were terrified but the angels said to them
don't be afraid for look i proclaim to you good
news of great joy that will be for all people
today in the city of david a savior was born for
who is the messiah the lord this will be your sign
for you you will find a baby wrapped tightly in
cloth and lying in a manger and suddenly there are
a multitude of hosts with the angel praising
god and saying glory to god in the highest
and peace on earth to all people he favors and
when the angels had left them and returned to
heaven the shepherd said to one another let's go
straight to bethlehem and see what has happened
which the lord has made known to us and so they
hurried off and they both found mary and joseph
and the baby who was lying in a manger and after
seeing them they reported the message they were
told about this child and all who heard it were
amazed at the shepherds had said to them but mary
was treasuring up for these things in her heart
and meditating on them and the shepherds returned
to glorify glorifying god and praising him for
all the things they had seen and heard which
they had just been told so let's pray lord jesus
we're so thankful lord for today and lord we're
so thankful for you and lord we know that you
are here to speak to each one of us in this room
so lord i just pray that you open up our hearts
and minds and lord i just pray that those who
may be joining us online lord are doing the same
thing lord that they are are here to hear from you
and to be reminded lord to be praising you
during this season and to be thankful for
what you've done by sending your son jesus and so
lord we just pray this in your heavenly name amen
so as i was thinking through this
one i was thinking through is as we
come into the story of jesus many of it in this
of us in this room may actually know you know hey
so was jesus talked about before this point and
how many times was he talked about and that's
where we learned if you've ever studied the the
bible enough the old testament talks a lot about
prophecies of jesus's coming and as i begin to
think about this is as god's you know eternal plan
what right was to have a perfect relationship with
us and that relationship was broken at the garden
right whenever the adam and eve sinned um he had
a plan to redeem us and to save us and have that
relationship with us again and so he decided to
begin to prophesy or begin to proclaim that this
coming messiah was was coming right all through
the old testament so as i began to study there was
this this as i begin to study this is about 300
prophecies that had uh spoke about the coming
messiah jesus which i thought man that's that's
amazing so to begin to even study it more i came
across this article that said this that that
for many of those prophecies to come true it
would almost be impossible and so this professor
decided to do a study with his students he took
eight prophecies of jesus and began to say hey
what's the likelihood of these things coming true
and obviously they did come true because we'll
we'll find references in the new testament that
says that they come true but he began to research
this and he says this is the and probability these
eight would have come true it was um 1 in 10 to
the 17th power which y'all i don't know what that
number is but whenever i started typing into
my calculator it was long right so he gave me
a little bit more of an image when i started
looking at it he says take a half dollar coins
lay them across the state of texas two feet
deep and that is one to the 10 i think it's 10
to the 17th power when we think about this and
so what he basically said was if you were to take
a person blindfolded take one coin mark it throw
it in that pile again state of texas two feet deep
and let them roam wherever they wanted to pull
that coin out that would be one essay it's one
but to the 10 to the 17th power right so what he's
saying is for these eight prophecies to come true
that had to happen and it did and we even know
there's more prophecies of jesus and so this
idea behind is is jesus really the son of god
the one who has been sent by god to save us
from our sins absolutely he is and the
improbability of this all coming true could
only happen because of the divine intervention
of god and that i just again took some time to
just study about that because at times we miss
the awe of how jesus made it to this world
how god had planned like at times like we think oh
it's just so simple and you know just whatever but
no like god had been planning this for so long
and so when we see these people praise right
we see mary prays and we see the angels praise why
are they praising because what has been prophesied
for many many years is finally coming true i know
about you guys i know for me whenever i was in in
high school and in college i couldn't wait for
the day i graduated that was exciting enough for
me to get praised when i graduated but this is so
much bigger than that so much bigger than that so
another thing i started thinking about as i began
to study through this is we're looking at the
angels praise them so what's the angel's role and
so i just again i'm not going in a deep study of
like the angel's role in our lives but as i begin
to just look at what is the purpose of angels
we see in this message the purpose of the angels
was to declare a message for us it's a message
of hope right of the coming messiah but there was
more as i began to study in hebrews 1 14 it talks
about angels it says are they not ministering
spirits sent out to serve those who are going
to inherit salvation so i thought that was
really cool that angels are ministering spirits
to serve those who are going to inherit salvation
so if you have given your life to jesus there are
angels that are ministering to you as you begin to
probably study more and more in the word you see
angels are there to not only minister or to
proclaim but they are really servants of the
lord to help those around them come to know christ
or to know the message of god and i just thought
that was really cool to begin to think through the
role of an angel right and so in this one right
the angels are delivering a message to encourage
the shepherds and so as we dive deeper in this i
really want to to just challenge you to lean in
because i believe when the word of god speaks
we need to read it one in the context which
means what is the angel saying to the shepherds
but every time you open up the word of god
the word of god is speaking directly to you
and and he's saying this he's saying this is for
you the individual right and yes we need to look
into context and we need to say hey what did
it mean for them to apply what it means for me
but god is speaking directly to us today and this
is what i think he challenges us to do right as we
begin to answer this question what did the angels
praise lead the shepherds to do and what does the
angel's praise leads you to do so let's answer
that question together the first thing that we see
is when the angels praise and again we're going to
kind of go over this again in verse 13 and 14 it
says suddenly there was a multitude of heavenly
hosts with the angels praising god and saying
glory to god in the highest heaven and peace
on earth to the people he favors so the thing
we see is the first announcement of jesus birth
was the angels to the shepherds see last week
was before jesus was born speaking to mary this
week it's really in the process of jesus being
born and next week we're going to talk about after
jesus was born all these different praises right
but have you wondered why the angels went to the
shepherds rather than the priests and the scribes
anybody want to answer that question why you think
that the angels went to get declare this message
to the shepherds rather than the priests and the
scribes anybody what do you think that happened
would there be a specific reason
why god would want to send angels
to the shepherds first to declare this message
anybody got a wild guess just
thinking off the top of your head
what's that spread faster that's a good one yeah
to make a point what point would he be making
there we go that's good too yeah yeah
absolutely i think those are those are solid
thoughts and i think there's more and more as we
begin to think through this but as we think about
the shepherds if you were to study a little
bit the shepherds were the low of the lowest
now they weren't as low as those who would um have
to be lepers but it would be basically a step up
from that most people would think that they were
unclean because again they were around animals
so you would say okay so this is god's speaking
to the outcasts the ones who would be lowly
and if you guys remember from last week and if you
don't it's okay last week we learned he says that
mercy is given to the poor and lowly not to the
rich and mighty i want to read this verse back in
mary's praise it says this in verse 50 of chapter
1 of luke it says his mercy is from generation to
generation on those who fear him he has done a
mighty deed with his arm and he has scattered
the proud because of the thoughts of their hearts
and he has toppled the mighty from their thrones
and exalted the lowly he has satisfied the hungry
with good things and he sent the rich away empty
and so we look at that and we understand that that
god has come not only for the rich but really he's
come for the lowly those who actually recognize
their need for christ and so these shepherds would
be ones that maybe would have a need right to
actually recognize and accept this message and so
when the angels left right left them their
first response the shepherd's first response
was to do what what was their first response the
shepherd's first response once the angels left
was it to go back to work and shepherding they
wanted to go check it out right they wanted to
go check it out they wanted to go see what
had happened if this was true and so they
went straight to bethlehem and i started thinking
through this and again i'm going to share this a
little bit different than what i had originally
planned but obviously recently we've heard
over the last two days tornadoes and lots of
families lives have been lost and we need to be
praying for them and seeing how we can participate
in supporting the efforts of recovery in that
but i started thinking through this message
this week before those tornadoes come i started
thinking about oklahomans when tornadoes
are talked about on the weather channel
this is what they do they go outside to go look
for the tornado it's just how we do it in oklahoma
i know everywhere else you don't do that but
we literally hear on the news tornadoes coming
towards you and we don't go hide we go look for
it so i started thinking about this this is what
the shepherds did they got this news and they were
like we're just not going to take your word for it
we're not just going to go back to work we're
going to go see it for ourselves and so i asked
myself this question why would they want to go
see it for themselves because they wanted to i
don't know about you guys like when i hear that
food's good at a restaurant i'm like eh we'll
see and i'll go test it out for myself and you
guys are probably a lot like me in this you just
don't take people's words for things even if it's
an angel maybe you're not taking words but i want
to ask this question because again i love getting
you guys engaged in in the message share with me
a time when you heard news about something that
you went immediately and responded to it it caused
you to respond to something you heard news and
immediately you did something in response to it
what what was that your food was burning okay yes
so there's a good reason why you wouldn't check
that food because it would probably cut the house
on fire right okay that's good what's another time
when a baby's born right so when your water
breaks at home you're going to respond quickly
because you don't want to have that baby at home
right that's good so i'm bringing that up in this
fact of saying i think many of us and i'll just
give you a couple of examples uh many of us have
probably received a phone call of a death of a
loved one right and so your your first response
is to go to family maybe it's weather as what
we've talked about also you know whenever we
knew that the world was shutting down everybody
ran to the stores they immediately responded
um here's another one if there's a cell i know my
grandma when she knew there was a sale going on
she was out the door as quickly as possible so i
started thinking through this we respond quickly
because it is important news and information
that needs a quick response so i think about
this right the angels just gave the shepherd some
amazing news the messiah the savior of the world
for all people has made his arrival right to bring
peace on earth and whenever you think about this
time the romans had proclaimed a political peace
which means this they said it was peaceful times
but the people of israel knew it
was not peaceable times so they were
looking for peace and so when the angels which
again it says don't be afraid right it's always
every time an angel appears to somebody usually
the first statement they say is don't be afraid
right but they know this is an important news
that they need to go respond to it quickly
i started thinking through this how many times
do you wake up and you spend time with the
lord in the morning and you leave out of that time
with important news that causes you to to respond
immediately that somebody one you need to go see
how god's gonna respond in your life whatever
he taught you but two who needs to hear it
maybe not enough and i was just challenged by that
as i began to think through how quickly they left
right how quickly they left so as they went to
go see jesus um they obviously found him so i'm
going to read these verses over again it says
when the angels had left them and returned to
heaven the shepherd said to one another let's
go straight to bethlehem and see what happened
which the lord has made known to us and so
they heard often found both mary and joseph
and the baby line in the major so as we see
the praise and proclamation of the angels led
them to go see jesus how important is it for us to
continue to praise and proclaim jesus has arrived
to bring peace to all people how important is
that anybody think that's important okay good i'm
glad we're on the same page with that what do you
think would happen if we spent more of our lives
consistently praising and proclaiming christ to
those around us what do you think would happen
anybody
nothing would happen okay don't ever proclaim
christ then don't ever proclaim christ i think
we've just decided that one no i i say this if if
we were proclaiming christ more so we're thinking
from the angels perspective they proclaimed christ
was coming and it caused people to go see jesus
simple fact that we learn from this if we proclaim
jesus has come to save people from their sins
it will cause more people to come to see jesus
come to see jesus how important do you think that
is by raising hands you think that's important yay
we're getting some responses here that's important
to know the proclaiming christ's coming and giving
praise to god will cause people to see jesus go
see jesus then now let's get real because you
guys are answering my question what stops you
what is stopping you from telling people about
jesus then if you know if you proclaim christ
and you praise christ that people will go see
jesus what's stopping you let's be honest we
love being real here at inspiring hope rejection
okay what's another one pride what's another one
inconvenience great thank you for being honest
let's get two more what stops you busy busy
okay that's two i'm only gonna take that as
one though so one more peer pressure okay so
we all have excuses now let's work together i love
solving problems you know i'm not just here to
preach i always tell people this my what i have to
share is a lot less important than what we have to
learn i'll say that again what i have to share is
a lot less important than what we have to learn so
how do we overcome everything you
just shared how do we overcome
okay we as we spend time with jesus that's
great right it's gonna motivate us to
overcome some of those things because
the word addresses every one of those
i'm gonna i'm gonna challenge you in this thought
if you guys saw fire coming out of your
neighbor's house how many of you by raise
the hands would call 9-1-1 immediately and run
over there see if you can help great because
you're so motivated that the need that they
have is immediate that you run and you call
how we overcome everything that we're talking
about here is you see the message you have
received is so important and so immediate
that it drives you to forget anything else
anything else that you can think that would
hold you back from sharing that message
so amanda spoke about it right the more that we're
in the word that wells up in us to motivate us to
overcome our pride and our busyness and the lack
of knowledge and the peer pressure and you name
whatever else you said it overwhelms those things
and it says those things aren't excuses anymore
because i see the house is on fire and i've
got to do something about it we've used this
word before compassion jesus had compassion on
people which is this feeling inside that wells
up so much you have to do something about it see
because the angels give us a great example that if
we'll praise and proclaim christ that people will
go see jesus and as a church we desire to meet
to challenge each other to go see
jesus so that others may go see jesus
i don't want us to miss that part during
this season of praise we cannot neglect
praising god and proclaiming to
them or him to those around us
i pray if you haven't given your life to
jesus that our proclamation today of jesus
will lead you to jesus but my hope is is that you
take this opportunity to invite this is the season
to invite people are more receptive to coming to
christ during this season than any other season
don't miss it don't miss it and after the season's
over don't wait for next season either okay but
i'm saying right now today is important to make it
the season of inviting people to jesus so what did
the angels praise lead those shepherds to do to
go see jesus but once they saw jesus the savior
of the world had come right they saw it with
their eyes somebody tell me what did they go do
in the next couple of verses what
did they go do after they saw jesus
they rejoiced okay that's the last one so you're
getting there what happened in between there
we'll read it together it says they hurried off
okay actually let me verse 17. after seeing them
they reported the message they were told
about this child and all who heard it were
amazed at what the shepherds said to them so
they went and told others so they physically
saw it with their own eyes they heard it
they went to go see jesus and then they
shared that message with others it was
a natural transition they came to jesus
and then they left others left to tell
others about what they had experienced
how many of you have received good news before
or experienced a great event where you
couldn't wait to tell someone about it anybody
ever went okay give me a couple of those i know
we're getting you guys involved what's a couple of
events that you've been to and experiences you've
had that you couldn't wait to go tell somebody go
getting engaged yes flaunt in the ring
what else
getting a new job that's another good one
anybody won the lottery i mean
that's a good one to go do
not yet okay but when you
do you make sure and call me
so i i say that to say this is is good news is
easy to share and it's one that you can't wait
to get on the phone to call somebody and tell
somebody and in this season of church planning
for us there's been many times where something
cool will happen and like i'm just like running
downstairs to tell bernie and she's in the middle
of school and she's like can you wait a minute i'm
like no i've got to tell you this good news right
so it was good enough news for the shepherds as
they saw jesus they went and saw jesus they had
to go tell people they had traveled a long way
to experience jesus and they couldn't help but
share with others now i know what you're thinking
if angels had come to you today and proclaimed a
message you might say it would be easy to go tell
people that message because angels appeared to me
right i don't know anybody that same way i mean if
i don't know if you've ever said this before well
if god spoke to me audibly i'd listen to him every
time well that's not true because we see that in
the old testament where they ignored him too so
that's not a true statement so i started thinking
hebrews 13 2 says this it says don't neglect shown
hospitality for by doing this some have welcomed
angels as guests without knowing it see many of us
want an angel's experience but then many of us are
forgetting that angels could be arrested present
around us all the time where again what is an
angel's role it's a messenger to his people it's
a minister to his people so i started thinking you
may have had angels in your life multiple times
but maybe you've missed it so we can't use that
excuse anymore because i again that's i'm starting
to think in this whenever i preach i preach
from the heart of going what if what's my excuse
and so that was one of my excuses so
i couldn't couldn't use it anymore
so i think we forget that god is working in our
lives in many ways to bring the truth of christ to
us and to others but we don't recognize it and so
i started thinking about this this room you know
it's it's an emptier room than normal on a sunday
do you know that every person that's in this room
and every person that's online is there for a
divine reason that god literally has you here
for a reason and i started thinking about this a
couple of days ago hey when we read this message
do you know that every one
of us has heard from an angel
what are you talking about it says the angels
said that jesus had come to bring peace
to all people you just heard from an angel you
can't say it anymore you can't say if i would have
you just did see i get really practical when i
read the bible because i start realizing this
that whenever i say i wish god would speak to me
audibly all i have to do is read out loud i'll
say that again if you want god to speak to you
audibly open the word of god and read it out loud
he just did see i'm telling you guys i'm there
with you i love the excuses and the reasons why
the message may not be motivating enough to me to
go share with somebody well nope that's not there
the the the god's not speaking to me audibly it's
not angels man i'm telling you guys we have every
bit of those experiences that we have from the
bible so when we start working our way away from
our excuses we start leaning into what we truly
do have right and what have i said i've preached
messages on this before the power of remembering
all that god has done for us and then all that
god is doing presently to give us access to him
oh my gosh it's amazing what he has done right
so over 2000 years ago god sent his son jesus to
this earth to live a perfect life so that we could
one experience who god is in the flesh but also
to die in our place right so that we can have a
saving relationship with him to go tell others
to go tell others god is meeting with us today
the story is not only about the shepherds
and the angels it's a message directly for us
that god is using this story this story for you
to come to jesus and to go tell others about him
for those of us i know that have given our
lives to jesus here's my challenge to you
share your testimony share what god
is doing in your life with others
so that others may come to jesus don't miss
the opportunity don't miss it your testimony is
not just your salvation i'm always reminded
of this it's not just your salvation story
it's your daily story with jesus it's your
daily story with jesus and so these shepherds
who were lowly who were one of the least of
the least were met by angels to tell them
about jesus's coming and they went and saw
him and they were so impacted by the story
that they went and told others to me it's
simple it's not complicated it's simple
so let's see what else the
angel said so the angels
by praising god right and proclaiming that
jesus was coming it led the shepherds to go
see jesus to go tell others and to go praise god
we see this in verse 20 it says this it says the
shepherds return to glorify and praise god for
all the things they had seen and heard which
were just as they had been told so ultimately it
led the shepherds to praise god too so as we said
before the angels are god's servants there to help
fulfill god's plan to save people from their sins
they fulfilled their role the angels fulfilled
their role and these shepherds gave praise to god
because they had what they had seen and heard
so we see this based upon just walking through
what the shepherds experienced they had a
changed life because of the angels doing
what god had called them to do see we we talk
about the body of christ which is all the people
that would be believers followers of jesus every
one of us has a role and when every one of us
follows what god has called us to fulfill in the
role as the body of christ we'll start seeing
changed lives that's the result i see the changed
life says is them giving praise to god not giving
praise to themselves not giving glory that they
traveled all that way and that they were that hey
you want my autograph i've seen jesus no that's
not what it was it was all praise to god for what
god had done for them to them and to others and
for others it's similar to what mary was doing
and so we know that there's changed
lives whenever god uses people
so
let me ask you this question so we know that
the the shepherds lives were changed because
they were praising god how can you know
that your life has been changed by god
how do you know what's evidence in your life
that you know that you've been changed by god
okay so good luck or you see god's
blessing hand in your life okay
joy right joy is not based upon circumstances
but by the presence of god in the midst
of those circumstances that's good
i would say this if we're
consistently praising god
as evidence of a changed life shepherds
was the last thing right it was evidence
of a changed life that they had
been changed by the presence of god
in this and so when we praise him we recognize our
need for him and not just about ourselves right
i'm going to challenge you with this as we we kind
of conclude here have you ever thought that the
only reason you're alive is because of what
god has done for you if you wonder is there
a reason to praise god is there a reason
to share his message with other people
um man what's god done for me lately i
don't know if you've ever been in that
pity party before what's god done for me lately um
in the last five seconds you've probably
taken three breaths it's from god
and the last day you probably talked to
hugged a loved one spent time with some
great friends and the last week you probably
have had a job that provided an income for
your family and i could go on and on again
and you may say well it's because of me
who who allowed you to be born and who created you
and who knit you in your mother's womb it was god
and so i started thinking through
that how can we give god praise
whenever we feel like sometimes it's
tough and i'll challenge you with this
i've said this statement the other day that my
worst day as a follower of jesus is still better
than my best day not following jesus
i'll say that again my worst day
as a follower of jesus is still better than my
best day not following jesus how can i say that
because god has changed my life because someone
shared that jesus had come to provide peace hope
joy salvation in my life and if that one person
and actually there was multiple people to get
me to that church to hear that message if those
people would not have heard a message from god
and shared it with me where would i be oh
my gosh guys this is a season of praise
because not of only what god's done for you
me and not only for what god has done for you
but what god has done for everyone and may we
let mary's praise may we let the angel's praise
lead us to go see jesus lead us to tell
others about him and lead us to praise him
because he is good and worthy to be praised
because i don't want to miss an opportunity to
see one more person join me in the presence of
god one day in eternity in heaven what
is stopping you from saying yes to jesus
and you may say but i'm a believer what
in the next phase of your relationship with him
is it commitment to his church is a commitment
to give is a commitment to invite i don't know
what it is only you know that i don't know that
but i know this that god is consistently
doing exceedingly abundantly more than
we could ask or think according
to the power that works in us
if we surrender i'll go back to mary's praise
it says that mercy is given to those who fear
the lord not fear as though we're scared but
fear and understanding is placed in our lives
so i don't know about you
where you're at in this season
but i know each of us should walk away to take
a next step so during this time of reflection
we always have a time of reflection so here in a
minute brock's gonna lead us in some uh a song of
worship this is time for you to just ask god this
question lord what did you teach me what did you
teach me what are you speaking to me about through
this message for some of us it could just be to go
see jesus right to give your life to jesus and if
that's you i want to talk to you what it means to
give your life to jesus every week i offer this up
i'm going to be back in the back because i want to
talk to you because it's so important for you to
give your life to jesus that's where it starts
to be able to give praise to god during the
season it starts with a relationship so please
come and talk to me for some of you you may be
sitting here convicted because you may be saying
i'm not motivated to share christ the way i
should i need to overcome that and this is for
you to lay that down before the lord and the lord
say it's okay i knew because god knows everything
and to ask him to use you to be confident to share
with others the message that you've been given
right the message of peace and hope and mercy the
last one is praise right guys during this season
it is easy to get distracted but my challenge
for you to refocus that you make it priority
to give god praise during this season and every
season of your life give him glory for every
ability and everything you have and in response
if you do if you give god praise you will see
change lives not only your life but in the
lives of those around you so i challenge you
during this time to just ask the lord what it
is and the step you need to take and if i can
be a part of helping you in that you let me know
so let's pray lord jesus we love you and lord
we're thankful for your word and we're thankful
for the examples lord of mary and the examples
of the angels lord and how they praised you
because lord out of both of their praises
lord word challenges to us lord they're not
just opportunities to see something in your
word and go man that was great they did that
but lord they're messages that are directly
written for us today in the season of celebrating
christ's birth or rather than getting distracted
by every other thing that is going on in our
lives lord that doesn't have to do with you
lord may we see that this is a season of praise oh
god you have done some amazing things in the lives
of your people and lord there you've done some
amazing things in the lives of many in this room
and so lord i pray that we leave out
of here oh man with our heads held high
pursuing our relationships with you and with
others so that they may know you and may we
give you praise honor and glory through it lord
we love you and we thank you for this time and
we pray lord that you move in the hearts of your
people and we pray this in your heavenly name amen
you